<pre># DragonsOfMugloar<br />This is a solution for the game "Dragons of Mugloar" which can be found at www.dragonsofmugloar.com. This game is implemented with GoLang as a terminal program.<br />###What is the game about?<br />This game is about medieval times when the dragons where still alive and knights so brave, that they risk their lives to prove their courage in the field of battle. Everyday knights take a brave journey to conquer the kingdom and take the indescribably gorgeous princesses for any cost.<br />###What is the purpose of this game?<br />Well, you play as a Head of Dragon Resource Management and as you may know, knights always trying to attack your kingdom and take the princess, so your main goal is to keep your kingdom and dragon(especially dragons) always alive by selectively assigning 20 points to 4 skills for your dragon which are:<br />* Scale thickness<br />* Claw sharpness<br />* Wing strength<br />* Fire breath<br />###That sounds easy, lets get started!!!<br />Wow, wow, hold down your horses... before entering the battle you should know that the weather in our kingdom can be pretty hectic, so keep in mind couple of things:<br />* Normal weather = normal fights<br />* Storm = everyone dies<br />* Heavy rain with floods = knights come by boats with umbrella, so the fire is useless in the rain and additional claw sharpening is needed to destroy the boats with umbrellas<br />* The long dry = Only the ZENNEST dragons who have achieved great balance of their inner-self through meditation can win battles during the drought!<br />* Fog = All dragons come with excellent knight-locating skills, no puny fog can change that. The knights dragon-locating skills, however are limited to understanding whether or not they have already been eaten.<br />###What should I do to start the game?<br />Firstly you should install GoLang into your machine(I will assume that you already did that).<br />then execute the following commands:<br />"go get https://github.com/alionas3/DragonsOfMugloar"<br />"go build DragonsOfMugloar"<br />"go install DragonsOfMugloar"<br />Have Fun!!!<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /></pre>
